New serverless pattern - kinesis-lambda-dynamodb-pipeline-dotnet-cdk (#2471)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: kinesis-lambda-dynamodb-pipeline-dotnet-cdk/README.md

> # Real-time Data Pipeline with Kinesis, Lambda, and DynamoDB using AWS CDK .NET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Real-time Data Pipeline with Amazon Kinesis, AWS Lambda, and Amazon DynamoDB
```

* [.NET](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/8.0) (.NET 8.0) installed

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the GitHub repository:
    ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns
    ```
2. Change the working directory to this pattern's directory:
    ```
    cd kinesis-lambda-dynamodb-pipeline-dotnet-cdk
    ```
3. Build the .NET CDK project:
    ```
    dotnet build src
    ```
4. Deploy the stack to your default AWS account and region. The output of this command should give you the Kinesis stream name:
    ```
    cdk deploy
    ```
5. Other useful commands:
    ```
    cdk diff         compare deployed stack with current state    
    cdk synth        emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
    ```

## How it works

This pattern creates a serverless real-time data pipeline:

1. Data is ingested through an Amazon Kinesis Data Stream.
2. An AWS Lambda function is triggered by new records in the Kinesis stream.
3. The Lambda function processes the data and stores it in an Amazon DynamoDB table.

> 4. If any errors occur during processing, they are logged to CloudWatch. It can also be stored in a separate database table for error tracking. The Lambda function will retry processing failed records up to maximum retry count. If a record consistently fails processing after these retries, you can use SQS Dead Letter Queue (DLQ) for further investigation and handling, ensuring no data is lost due to processing errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If any errors occur during processing, they are logged to Amazon CloudWatch. It can also be stored in a separate database table for error tracking. The Lambda function will retry processing failed records up to maximum retry count. If a record consistently fails processing after these retries, you can use Amazon SQS Dead Letter Queue (DLQ) for further investigation and handling, ensuring no data is lost due to processing errors.
```
